Update teams-classes-with-canvas.md (#6198)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/lti/teams-classes-with-canvas.md

> - Only a single Microsoft tenant can be used for mapping users between Canvas and Microsoft.
> - You will have to turn off School Data Sync (SDS) before using the Class Teams LTI in order to avoid duplication of groups.

> ## Grant Admin Consent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Grant admin consent
```

Prior to managing the Microsoft Teams integration within Instructure Canvas, it is important to have Canvas’s **Microsoft-Teams-Sync-for-Canvas** Azure app approved by your institution’s Microsoft Office 365 admin in your Microsoft Azure tenant before completing the Canvas admin setup. You need to be a Global Administrator to perform these steps.

1. Navigate to Azure Active Directory.

> 2. Open Enterprise applications > Select the Application **Microsoft-Teams-Sync-for-Canvas**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open Enterprise applications and select the **Microsoft-Teams-Sync-for-Canvas** application.
```

> Prior to managing the Microsoft Teams integration within Instructure Canvas, it is important to have Canvas’s **Microsoft-Teams-Sync-for-Canvas** Azure app approved by your institution’s Microsoft Office 365 admin in your Microsoft Azure tenant before completing the Canvas admin setup. You need to be a Global Administrator to perform these steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before managing the Microsoft Teams integration within Instructure Canvas, it's important to have Canvas’s **Microsoft-Teams-Sync-for-Canvas** Azure app approved by your institution’s Microsoft Office 365 admin in your Microsoft Azure tenant before completing the Canvas admin setup. You need to be a Global Administrator to perform these steps.
```

> 2. Open Enterprise applications and select the **Microsoft-Teams-Sync-for-Canvas** application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Open Enterprise applications, and then select the **Microsoft-Teams-Sync-for-Canvas** application.
```

> 3. Select **Permissions** and then choose **Grant admin consent**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Select **Permissions**, and then select **Grant admin consent**.
```

> 4. Agree with the permissions the application requires and grant consent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Agree with the permissions that the application requires, and then grant consent.
```

> 3. Select Permissions and then click Grant admin consent
> 
> 4. Agree with the permissions the application requires and grant consent
> 
> ## Microsoft Office 365 Admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Permissions** and then choose **Grant admin consent**.

4. Agree with the permissions the application requires and grant consent.

## Microsoft Office 365 admin
```
